Welcome to path planning,
the final piece of the puzzle,
as it relates to teaching our robot friends to operate in the real world.
Just like in localization and slam,
there isn't one correct way to accomplish the task of path planning.
A path planning algorithm takes in as inputs the provided environment geometry,
the robots geometry, and the robots start and
goal poses and uses this information to produce a path from start to goal.
The workings of this box is what we'll spend the rest of the lesson examining.
By the end of this lesson,
you will be able to: recognize different types of path planning algorithms,
comprehend the inner workings of a collection of algorithms,
evaluate the suitability of an algorithm for a particular application,
and be ready to implement one of the algorithms in the lab.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Let's get started.